Add loadflow-validation 3WT documentation (#3996)
powsybl/powsybl-core: docs/grid_features/loadflow_validation/index.md

- [threshold](configuration.md#threshold) to determine the acceptable difference between the measured and calculated powers
- [apply-reactance-correction](configuration.md#apply-reactance-correction) to correct or not the very small reactances to `epsilon-x` value
- [epsilon-x](configuration.md#epsilon-x) for reactances considered too small then they can be set to epsilon-x value
- [ok-missing-values](configuration.md#ok-missing-values) to determine if missing values (NaN) are considered as valid or not

If the transformer has the `ThreeWindingsTransformerPhaseAngleClock` extension, the phase angles clocks 2 and 3 are extracted, if not they are considered as `0`.

The power comparisons are done via a `TwtData` [![Javadoc](https://img.shields.io/badge/-javadoc-blue.svg)](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.powsybl/powsybl-iidm-api/latest/com.powsybl.iidm.api/com/powsybl/iidm/network/util/TwtData.html) object.

A three-winding transformer is considered valid if its 3 legs are valid.

A leg is valid:
- if not connected or not in the main component
- or if the measured and calculated powers are within the configured threshold.

$$
\begin{aligned}

> |P_{side\;measured} - P_{side\;computed}| > threshold \\

Reviewer: "within" means less than or equal to threshold
```suggestion
|P_{side\;measured} - P_{side\;computed}| <= threshold \\
```

# Load flow validation
```{toctree}
---
hidden: true
maxdepth: 1
---

configuration.md
```

> A load flow result is considered *acceptable* if it describes a feasible steady-state of a power system given its physics and its logics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A load flow result is considered *acceptable* if it describes a feasible steady-state of a power system given the network physics and operating constraints.
```

More practically, generations of practitioners have set quasi-standard ways to describe them that makes it possible to define precise rules.
They are described below for the different elements of the network.

Overall, in the PowSyBl loadflow validation, the tests are not made overly tight. In particular, leniency is preferred to tightness in case approximations are needed or
when expectations are unclear (typically when the input data is inconsistent). For example, there is a switch to test
only the main component because it is not clear what to expect from load flow results on small connected components.

Another important global setting available in the PowSyBl validation is the `ok-missing-values` parameter, which determines if is OK to have missing
values or `NaN`. Normally, it should be set to false, but it may be useful in the cases where the power flow results are
incomplete to go through the rest of the validation.

See the documentation [here](configuration.md) to configure correctly this feature.

(loadflow-validation-buses)=
## Buses

> If all values are present, or if only one value is missing, the result is considered to be consistent.

Reviewer 2: The result is consistent if one value is missing?

Reviewer 2: Does it mean that the validation can be performed?

Author: I just move this part of the documentation and don't really understand what this means, maybe we can delete this part. Looking at the BusValidation code it seems that if the P(or Q) injections or the P(or Q) loads are nan, then the validation check returns false

Reviewer 2: Ok, I think the sentence is a bit odd and unclear, I would vote to remove it :)

Author: ok done!

Note that if the result contains only the voltages (phase and angle), the PowSyBl validation provides a load-flow results completion feature.
It can be used to compute the flows from the voltages to ensure the result consistency, with the run-computation option of the PowSyBl validation.

The first law of Kirchhoff must be satisfied for every bus for active and reactive power:

$$
\begin{aligned}
\left| \sum_{branches} P + \sum_{injections} P \right| \leq \epsilon \\
\left| \sum_{branches} Q + \sum_{injections} Q \right| \leq \epsilon
\end{aligned}
$$

> Reworded with elements details:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Where:
```

For a branch that is disconnected on one end (for example, end 2), then $P_2 = Q_2 = 0$. As a result, it is
possible to recompute $(V_2, \theta_2)$ which are usually not returned by power flows and which are not stored in node-breaker
[network](../../grid_model/index.md) format. The quality checks are done when this is done.

In case of missing results (usually the powers $P_1$, $Q_1$, $P_2$, $Q_2$ which are not mandatory), the PowSyBl validation
will consider the results as inconsistent, unless `ok-missing-values` was set to `true` by the user on purpose to make the consistency
check more leniently.

In case the voltages are available but not the powers, the result completion feature of the PowSyBl validation
can be used to recompute them using the validation equations (meaning that the branch validation tests will always be OK, so that it allows performing the bus validation tests).

In case of disconnected branch, $P_i$ and $Q_i$ must be undefined or approximately equal to zero.

(loadflow-validation-three-winding-transformers)=

> ## Three-winding transformers

Reviewer: The transformer related object (`three-winding` and `with a ratio tap changer`) can be adjacent in the list.

<img width="254" height="281" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/367c58ab-d76b-4906-b956-e60e89e0fc33" />

- [threshold](configuration.md#threshold) to determine the acceptable difference between the measured and calculated powers
- [apply-reactance-correction](configuration.md#apply-reactance-correction) to correct or not the very small reactances to `epsilon-x` value
- [epsilon-x](configuration.md#epsilon-x) for reactances considered too small then they can be set to epsilon-x value
- [ok-missing-values](configuration.md#ok-missing-values) to determine if missing values (NaN) are considered as valid or not
 
If the transformer has the `ThreeWindingsTransformerPhaseAngleClock` extension, the phase angles clocks 2 and 3 are extracted, if not they are considered as `0`.

The power comparisons are done via a `TwtData` [![Javadoc](https://img.shields.io/badge/-javadoc-blue.svg)](https://javadoc.io/doc/com.powsybl/powsybl-iidm-api/latest/com.powsybl.iidm.api/com/powsybl/iidm/network/util/TwtData.html) object.

A three-winding transformer is considered valid if its 3 legs are valid.

A leg is valid:
- if not connected or not in the main component
- or if the measured and calculated powers are within the configured threshold.

$$
\begin{aligned}

> |P_{side\;measured} - P_{side\;computed}| > thresold \\

Reviewer: The measured and calculated powers should be _less than or equal_ to threshold

```suggestion
|P_{side\;measured} - P_{side\;computed}| <= threshold \\
```

> |Q_{side\;measured} - Q_{side\;computed}| > thresold

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|P_{side\;measured} - P_{side\;computed}| > threshold \\
|Q_{side\;measured} - Q_{side\;computed}| > threshold
```
